These questions were derived from the NIST guidance "Small Business Information Security: The Funadmentals" and includes some questions specifically relevant to Hawaii.

URL: https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/ir/2016/NIST.IR.7621r1.pdf


1.  Information security concentrates on how to protect Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of information and supporting systems.  Match the definition with one of the following terms:

  Terms: Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability, Information Security
  
  A.  Protecting information from unauthorized modification.
  B.  Protecting infroamtion from unauthorized access and disclosure.
  C.  Preventing disruption in how you access information.
  D.  The protection of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction to provide confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
  
2.  What are possible impacts of an information security or cybersecurity incident?  Select all that apply.

  A.  Decreased productivity
  B.  Damaged to your credit and inability to get loans from banks
  C.  Loss of business income
  D.  Regulatory fines
  E.  Legal fees
  F.  Damage to your reputation

3.  An information security threat is a weakness that could be used to harm the business.

  A.  True
  B.  False
  
4.  An information security vulnerability is anything that might adversely affect the information your business needs to run.

  A.  True
  B.  False
  
5.  Name the three categories of information security threats:

[INSERT LIST HERE]

6.  A proper information security program executes five core functions: Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond and Recover.  Which function includes determining who as access to your business information?

[INSERT CORE FUNCTION]

7.  Limiting access to only the information an employee requires to do their job is which Core Function of information security?

[INSERT CORE FUNCTION]

8.  Select the key components of an information security incident response plan?

  A.  How and when to contact executives, emergency personnel, cybersecurity professionals, legal professionals, service providers or insurance providers.
  B.  The roles and responsiblities of key personnel during an incident.
  C.  How to handle compromised systems and data.
  D.  Detailed plans on how to launch a cyber attack against the criminal that attacked you.
  E.  The definition of an incident in your business.
  
9.  A good strong password is comprised of a random sequence letters (upper case and lower case), numbers, and special characters, and are at least how many characters long?

  A.  8
  B.  10
  C.  12
  D.  18
  
10. For security, using personal computers/mobile devices for work and sensitive business activities is highly recommended.  Personal computers are usually more secure because it handles our sensitive personal information and we tend to maintain it better since we use them everyday.

  A.  True
  B.  False
